Things. And we also talked about what kinds
of intelligence help they needed and well, as diplomatic help
that we might be able to do as well. The needs
, of course, are quickly evolving over time
. So we will work with the Israeli government
and the Biden administration to assemble the most generous
package possible. When I returned to Washington
, I'm going to direct Senators Murray Reid and Cardin
, heads of the most relevant committees to work with their ranking
Republican members and the Biden administration
to pull together a package that the Senate can take up as
soon as possible, hopefully within the next few weeks
. Now the people will ask, what about the House
? We're not waiting for the house. We believe if
the Senate acts in a strong bipartisan way, it
may indeed improve the chances that the House
, even with its current dysfunction, will act.
So the bottom line is that
October 7th is a day that will no doubt live in infamy
. My guess is I'll think of it every day for
the rest of my life. Just as
I think of nine over 11 every day for the rest of my life
. And we just want to be clear
to the Israeli people during these such difficult times. I talked
I just asked four random Israelis, the guy driving the car
, a waiter at the restaurant, and two others. I bumped into every
one of them knows somebody who's close to them, who
has been lost. So it's such a
difficult time, but
we know the difficulty of their task. But
we also know success. The elimination of the
threat of Hamas is vital. Israel has a
right to defend itself and eliminate the threat to
Hamas to make sure this evil
never happens again
. Our prayers are with all of those killed and taken hostage their
families, the thousands injured. May
the memories of the dead be a blessing and a
source of strength to all of us as we navigate this
challenging future with fortitude of spirit
and solidarity, of purpose
. Once again, Jackie, do you want to go next
? Whoops, I'm not that tall. We have been watching Senator
Chuck Schumer speak. He is in Tel Aviv along with a bipartisan
group of senators. They're showing us support for Israel
. We will continue to monitor the latest on the Israel
Hamas conflict. For now, we are going to take a quick break
. You're streaming CBS News
on Face the Nation. The way to learn is to listen
. So we may have a recession. Listening to how someone
explains themselves is so key to understanding
their perspective
all the time. Thinking about thinking. Everybody wakes up in the morning and they are pelted
with alerts that frighten them, news that agitates
them with the show. We have the time to explain what's going
on. These migrants, they've been released. Explain the status
that allows them to be released to slow things down
a little bit. What are the big sets of questions for China and
its ambitions? Hackers are stepping up their attacks to
extort victims. Let's start with easy. Who's attacking
? Here's a deeper understanding of what's happening all the time
. Think about it day and night
. Primetime with John Dickerson stream on the free CBS
News app. Okay, So
let's just start at the beginning. Well, let me start with this. What is at stake
here? What is the answer then? Do you know why you want me to just keep
going? Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Were there death threats? How is this
possible? What's wrong with that argument? Are you saying they lied? Have you told the government
that? Why won't you say the word crisis? You're not answering my question. This really
Is that scary? Does that make sense? What do you mean? What does that mean? Did any of that make sense
? What's your response? What happened? Why? It's
time for the news Original
60 Minutes Sunday on CBS and streaming on Paramount+
. Hello, everyone, and welcome
to our Dragon Capsule here in space, Sightseers
in space. The thrill of a lifetime seeing the earth from
space. It was so exhilarating. But the risks that come
with the territory. There have been four fatal accidents. That's
a 1% fatal accident. Might make you look before
you launch. If you had one out of 100 airplanes falling out
of the sky would have a public crisis. Space tourism now
streaming on the free CBS News app
. Morning news matters because it sets the tone for your
day and it's a way of getting you started. Take you places, teach you new
things, and we make you feel like, you know, it's not all bad. We're going to uplift
you. People say to me, You always seem to be having a good time
. You know what? You're right. Your morning routine just got better
. CBS Mornings
when weather turns extreme, a massive storm with winds
of 150mph. The storm strengthened again
overnight. CBS News and the Weather Channel bring you virtual
weather technology so advanced, so real, you'll have time
to get prepared. Feel the forecast weather when
it matters most. On CBS News. I wake up every
morning asking what's happening in the world? Why is this happening and how do
we answer that question After the tragic loss of
beloved newsman Tim Russert, his son went on a worldwide
journey to find himself. I struggled with his grief for a long time
. How Luke Russert is honoring the legacy of his father. When we
go person to person
, your life should be just
one gay round of nightclubs. Yeah, that's what I thought when I
married a bandleader. But ever since we said I do, there are so many things
we don't
do
. The grief of losing a child is immense
. You can't breathe. After decades of the war on drugs, things
have only gotten worse. Every shipment of fentanyl is a
ticking time bomb 50 times more powerful than heroin
, CBS reports goes deep into Mexico. What is your role
in the Sinaloa cartel? To find out why the cartels keep getting
stronger and wealthier. This is a war, but we're not fighting
it. Our citizens are dying. Funding cartels now
Streaming on the free CBS News app
, America Decides Taking
You Inside American Democracy. The most important stories
on a day to day, hour to hour basis. You're going to hear a lot of reporting
. It is clearly a pivotal moment. Gun control
, the economy, education, both sides of the political
. I'll fight it out for power, bringing you the analysis that you need
thoughtfully with context. Be part of the conversation on
CBS News streaming Welcome to America decides
Monday through Thursday at
5 p.m. eastern. This is CBS
. This
is this is an original
documentary from CBS reports. He started out as a
fun loving party boy, but the alcohol got the better of
him. What I envisioned was him being in some sort of medical
facility. I just thought what a great candidate
for them to learn about the results of alcoholism
and what it does to a body. But his body
was sold to the military specifically
used as a crash test dummy in
this simulated Humvee explosion. I was devastate
. I had the box. I don't know if they were his ashes
or not. I just held it as tight as I could and just
told him how sorry I was. Body brokers now
streaming on the Free CBS News app
. When weather turns extreme, the threat of severe
storms and dangerous tornadoes is expected
to last the seventh straight day of terrifying weather. CBS News
and the Weather Channel bring you virtual weather technology. So
advanced, so real now six feet of water. Imagine
that. Cars that can act like battering rams. These hyper realistic
simulations show you what the weather will look and feel like
before it happens. Feel the forecast
streaming on CBS News
. She's the most successful alpine skier, male
or female, ever and a worldwide inspiration. We need a
lot of women doing sports really, really well. The story of
Mikaela Shiffrins game changing reign at the top of the slopes
. When we go person to person
, you're not a loser, Eddie. You're a winner
. Some men never get to
feel that way about anything
. I love you, Eddie
. I love
you. It's a long
week for you
. I love you. Yeah, I love
you. Yes, I do
. The grief
of losing a child is immense. You can't breathe. After decades
of the war on drugs, things have only gotten worse. Every shipment
of fentanyl is a ticking time bomb.
50 times more powerful than heroin, CBS reports
goes deep into Mexico. What is your role in the Sinaloa
cartel? To find out why the cartels keep getting stronger and
wealthier. This is a war, but we're not fighting it. Our citizens
are dying. Funding cartels now streaming on the free
CBS News app
, America Decides Taking you inside
American Democracy. The most important stories on a day
to day, hour to hour basis. You're going to hear a lot of reporting
. It is clearly a pivotal moment. Gun control
, the economy, education, both sides of the political
. I'll fight it out for power, bringing you the analysis that you
need thoughtfully with context. Be part of the conversation
on CBS News streaming Welcome to America decides
Monday through Thursday at
5 p.m. Eastern. This is severe
. This is an original
documentary from CBS reports. He started out as a
fun loving party boy, but the alcohol got the better of
him. What I envisioned was him being in some sort of medical
facility. I just thought what a great candidate
for them to learn about the results of alcoholism
and what it does to a body. But his body was
sold to the military, specifically used
as a crash test dummy in the
simulated Humvee explosion. I was devastated
. And I had the box. I don't know if they were his ashes
or not. I just held it as tight as I could and I just
told him how sorry I was. Body brokers now streaming
on the Free CBS News app
. When weather turns extreme, the threat of severe storms
and dangerous tornadoes is expected to
last the seventh straight day of terrifying weather. CBS News
and the Weather Channel bring you virtual weather technology. So
advanced, so real now six feet of water. Imagine
that. Cars that can act like battering rams. These hyper realistic
simulations show you what the weather will look and feel
like before it happens. Feel the forecast
. Streaming on CBS News
. She's the most successful alpine skier
, male or female, ever and a worldwide inspiration
. We need a lot of women doing sports really, really well. The story
of Mikaela Shiffrins game changing reign at the top of the
slopes. When we go person to person
. It's been just over a week since Hamas's devastating
surprise attack on Israel, and that's put a new
focus on tensions in the Middle East and just how we
got here. Seth Doane has a Sunday journal
.
At least 1300 people in Israel have been killed in
Gaza. At least 2100. The story
somehow keeps getting worse. Israel vows to crush
Hamas. As we watch and read, sometimes reluctantly
faced with the reality of yet another war in the middle
East, this time sparked by the unimaginable brutality
and barbarity of those surprise attacks by
Hamas. This is an act of sheer evil
. This country was created in the aftermath of the Holocaust and
it's based on a promise, a promise that this state would
protect Jews from precisely these type of atrocities
. And this was the largest single incident of Jewish
death of murder since the Holocaust
. Michael Oren was Israel's ambassador to the US
. We connected with him from the bomb shelter of his home
. I'm very armored door. As Hamas continues to
fire rockets at Israel from the Gaza Strip. The house
next door was destroyed. It's very real for us. We've all
known people, Seth, every one of us who have
been massacred, dismembered
, executed. This is intensely personal
as sale and
Loeb swim by
. The real question is what happens long term
? Robin Wright is a contributor to The New Yorker and has been
covering wars across the Middle East
for the last 50 years. I think Prime Minister
Netanyahu thinks he can destroy Hamas, but
can he destroy the idea, the politics and
the commitment by Palestinians who feel
that there's no prospect down the road of
a two state solution, who don't see the restoration
of their freedom, their dignity, their jobs
, the economy. I think this is far
harder than the kind of simplistic language that
Netanyahu has been using. Still, Israel's defense
ministry insists they will wipe Hamas off the face
of the earth. But Hamas fighters make up just about
1% of the population. In the densely packed Gaza
Strip. It's sealed off from Israel by that security
barrier, and now they're encircled by Israeli troops
and being pounded by airstrikes. Palestinian
health officials are saying they're running out of food, they're running out of
water. Israel has turned off the switch to electricity
there. There's a humanitarian crisis unfolding in Gaza
right now. The danger is that it deepens the passions among
the Palestinians who even among those who never
liked Hamas, because living under siege is
really tough. And the most important thing about the future
is where are their hearts, where are their passions and where are their commitments
? And a siege is not going to help make them. Fans of Israel
. The port of Haifa in Palestine lies shattered by bombs and strewn
with dead. Today's conflict has a complicated, bloody history
, with its roots in competing religious and ancestral claims
to this land stretching back millennia. It is
what all the participants hope is
the first step toward breaking the cycle of violence in the Middle East
. But in 1993, there was some hope for peace
. Oh, there you have it. The handshake
. Israel officially recognized the Palestine Liberation
Organization, or PLO, in exchange for the group
renouncing terrorism and recognizing Israel's
right to exist. Hamas responded with violence
and predictably, the Muslim fundamentalists of Hamas
took credit for the killings, calling them gifts to Yasser
Arafat. The peace settlement and all the traitors
Hamas, which receives funding
from Iran and is labeled a terrorist organization by the U.S
and the EU came to control the Gaza Strip when it won
parliamentary elections in 2006. The idea
promoted by the United States was to get the Palestinians on both
the West Bank and Gaza to speak with one voice elect
, Yasser Arafat's Fatah party, the traditional PLO
, as the government which was willing to deal with Israel. But
there was such alienation and disillusionment with the
PLO that populations turned to
Hamas, and that has prevented any kind of peace process because
the Palestinians are divided between the two territories and
have very different ideas about how to move forward with Israel
. While progress toward peace has stalled
between Israelis and Palestinians in a
two state solution seems increasingly unlikely. Israel
has made peace with several Arab countries
. Why are we seeing this conflict explode
again now? Hamas went to war, I think for a
variety of reasons. Israel was engaged in
possible eventual talks
with Saudi Arabia brokered by the United States, which
would have been the most important peace process between Israel
and the Arabs, because Saudi Arabia is the guardian of Islam's holy
places. In your view, why now? Because they
could. And because we let our guard down. Frankly
. And we're going to have to address that failure
when the smoke clears. Michael Oren thinks Iran's involvement
supporting Hamas adds to the risk that this conflict
will only widen. But born in the US, he made
his home in Israel and says in the longer term
he sees progress. I wonder how you see
the prospect for peace. Is this just
an intractable issue? When I moved here
, there was no peace with Egypt. There was no peace with Jordan
, Morocco, UAE, Bahrain, Sudan, peace with
Saudi Arabia. We had no relations with India. We had no relations
with the Soviet bloc. We had no relations with China
, with Africa. I mean, totally isolated because if you would have told me
nearly a half century ago that this is what Israel's foreign relations would
look like, I'd say, you know, what type
of narcotic are you on, really? Do not underestimate
the possibilities and the hope for peace
. So for all of the heartache of today, I'm
hearing that you have hope. Certainly
. Of course I do
. A story's just
begun. Why did you want to share your story? Water off this high
. Where are these coming from? That's the million dollar question. I'm a very
curious person. I wake up every morning asking what's happening
in the world? Why is this happening and how do we answer that question on the CBS
Evening News, an original documentary
from CBS reports Imagine yourself in Manhattan
with no police, no army, no mayor. The people of
Haiti stare down poverty, corruption, natural disasters
and violence.
90% of the guns that are used by gangs
in Haiti are American guns. But with an unbreakable spirit
, an eternal optimism. There are days where I
cry, but we can't be discouraged. We still believe
in Haiti. They're still able to look ahead with hope. Haiti
is on the brink of transformation. A radical shift
. Patients are coming together and saying things must
change. Fighting for Haiti now streaming on the free
CBS News app. We
aim every night to be factual and fair. That's
our goal. An original documentary from CBS
reports Controversial Congressman Jorge Santos. Why
won't you answer our questions? How did he manage to get elected? Thank
you very much and God bless you and God bless the USA
. Jorge Santos campaign was a campaign of deceit
, lies, fabrication, and who is he really
? I knew him as Anthony Duvalier from Queens
. Really? Who he is, He's a fraud. I compare him to the Tinder swindler
from people who know him. The truth, the facts
, the lies. He would say that he was
worth $100 million. It's an incredibly cynical episode
in American politics beyond satire. Had you ever seen
anything like this? No. Hope, Never See it again. Campaign
of Deceit now streaming on the free CBS News app
. Since childhood, she never stopped reaching for the skies
, and now she's spent more time in space than any other
American. Like being a part of something bigger than me. Peggy Whitson's
extraordinary career as a history making astronaut
. When we go person to person, feel the forecast
on the CBS Evening News with Norah O'Donnell
think asked direct questions don't know that they're tough questions
per se. Why aren't you holding yourself to that standard? It doesn't look like Congress is doing
anything. What has to happen? That's the role of face
the Nation to focus on the issues at hand. And that means a civil
conversation with perspective
. You're about to see American weapons
in the hands of Mexican cartels. A gun
pipeline to Mexico. We are arming the
cartels 100%, no doubt about it, happening right under our noses
is who's doing something about this? Nobody
reports exclusive. Most Americans
have no idea that we are effectively arming the enemy
next door. This is the story the American people need to know. Arming cartels
is now streaming on the free CBS News app
. He's an expert on the art of war
. And with Ukraine and now Israel in the headlines
, it's an all too relevant topic. David Martin
is talking with retired General David Petraeus
. This is going to be a very, very tough
fight. Retired General David Petraeus, who commanded
America's wars in both Iraq and Afghanistan
, knows from experience what Israel is facing
in its war against Hamas. I almost can't imagine
in a more challenging, contextual
set of circumstances here
than what they face sending an army
, even one as powerful as Israel's, into the densely
populated neighborhoods of Gaza. There
are tunnels. There will be rooms that will have improvised
explosive devices. You have to clear every building
, every floor, every room, every basement
, every tunnel. Civilian losses are inevitable
and tough Israeli losses lie ahead as well
. Petraeus, along with British historian Andrew
Roberts, has just written a book titled Conflict
A Word, which has come to Define the Century, which
began on nine divided by 11. This is far
worse than nine divided by 11 as horrific
as nine divided by 11 was the
October 7th attack on Israel killed a far greater proportion
of its much smaller population. This is the
equivalent of the US having
experienced over 40,000 losses rather
than the 3000 terrible losses that we sustained
in the attacks on nine divided by 11.
On September 11th, it was planes
. On October 7th, it was thousands of rockets
and fighters, even gliders
. The complexity of what they did was really
quite extraordinary. Were you surprised by the
sophistication of the attack? Yes, actually, I was more
surprised that there just
wasn't the awareness of what was being planned
. Petraeus was once director of the CIA and
can't understand how both Israeli and American intelligence
missed preparations for the attack. This
is a very substantial operation and the planning of it
alone would have been very considerable. But then the training
and equipping and positioning of forces, then the
actual conduct of it, that all of that could take place. And
not spark much increase military readiness
is really quite stunning
. How do you account for it? Dramatic improvement in
Hamas's operational security, Very
, very creative use of these
munitions and capabilities to degrade
dramatically, in some cases, knock out the Israeli ability
to see what is going on around this quite formidable
, all iron fence that was established
. At the very least, it would be safe to say that Israel underestimated
its enemy. No question about it. What do you think Hamas hoped
to achieve with this attack? What their leaders have
said was to get the world's attention
on could. The Hamas objective has been
have been as simple as kill Jews
? Oh, well, that's always the objective. Again, destroy Israel
. Hamas killed Jews but didn't destroy Israel
. And now Israel has vowed to destroy Hamas
. Tell me how this ends. If the mission to
the Israeli military is to destroy Hamas
, if you have to destroy every headquarters
, if you have to capture or kill the bulk of the leaders, if
you have to do the same with the bulk of these terrorist
fighters. The question is then, what do you
do with Gaza once you retake it
? You can't walk away from Gaza If Hamas is
destroyed, there will be a power vacuum in Gaza, which
Israel can't ignore. This is a very tough decision
if you're going to have to reoccupy and administer
Gaza again, because clearly you can't go in
, destroy the Hamas infrastructure and then
leave because, again, they will reconstitute
, root themselves. And what happens to the people of Gaza
? Well, they're going to suffer. And the
Hamas has brought this on them. We stand
. And with Israel, President Biden has promised to back
Israel to the hilt, sending two aircraft carrier strike
groups off the coast, as well as flying in fresh
stocks of munitions and
with its own invasion of Iraq, the U.S has also
left Israel with an object lesson in the perils
of overreacting to a terrorist attack
. We've made mistakes, which is what happens when
a nation gets its blood up. Is
real, certainly has its blood up. Now there should be
a cautionary tale from our experiences in the
wake of the nine divided by 11 attacks. Some of the actions that we took, we
look at differently now. And there will come a time where some of the
actions that will be taken by Israel will be looked at in
in a different way as well. I actually think that there
is a consciousness of this in Jerusalem
. I'm
a story's just begun
. Why did you want to share your story? Water off this high where
are these coming from? That's the million dollar question. I'm a very curious person
. I wake up every morning asking what's happening in the world? Why is this
happening and how do we answer that question? On the CBS Evening News
, an original documentary from CBS reports
Imagine yourself in Manhattan with no police, no
army, no mayor. The people of Haiti stare down poverty
, corruption, natural disasters and violence
. 90% of the guns that are used by
gangs in Haiti are American guns. But with an unbreakable
spirit and eternal optimism. There are days where
I cry, but we can't be discouraged. We still
believe in Haiti. They're still able to look ahead with hope
. Haiti is on the brink of transformation. A radical
shift. Patients are coming together and saying things must
change. Fighting for Haiti now streaming on the free
CBS News app. We
aim every night to be factual and fair. That's
our goal. An original documentary from
CBS reports Controversial Congressman Jorge Santos
. Why won't you answer our questions? How did he manage to get elected? Thank
you very much and God bless you and God bless the USA
. Good. Santos campaign was a campaign of deceit
, lies, fabrication. And who is he really
? He. I knew him as Anthony Duvalier from Queens
. Really? Who he is. He's a fraud. I compare him to the Tinder swindler from
people who know him. The truth, the facts, the
lies. He would say that he was
worth $100 million. It's an incredibly cynical episode in American
politics beyond satire. Had you ever seen anything like
this? No. And Hope Never see it again. Campaign of deceit
now streaming on the free CBS News app Since
childhood, she never stopped reaching for the skies
. Now she's spent more time in space than any other American
in my being, a part of something bigger than me. Peggy Whitson's extraordinary
career as a history making astronaut. When we go
person to person, feel the forecast on the
evening news with Norah O'Donnell. I think
asked direct questions. I don't know that they're tough questions per
se. Why aren't you holding yourself to that standard? It doesn't look like Congress is doing anything
. What has to happen? That's the role of Face the Nation
to focus on the issues at hand. And that means a civil conversation
with perspective
. You're about to see American weapons
in the hands of Mexican cartels. A gun
pipeline to Mexico. We are arming the cartels.
100%, no doubt about it, happening right under our noses
. Who's doing something about this? Nobody
reports exclusive. Most Americans have
no idea that we are effectively arming the enemy Next
door. This is the story the American people need to know. Arming cartels
Now Streaming on the free CBS News app
. How do you define happiness? Yeah, I call
it happiness. She is a beloved American icon
and head of a media empire. But is Oprah Winfrey
happy? None of us can be happy all the time. You need
enjoyment, you need satisfaction, and you need purpose. It's up to
you to be the master of your happiness
. That is a really big deal. Find
out when we go person to person
. Hello, everyone. I'm Nancy Chen. Thank you for joining us here on CBS
News. We are following developments in the Middle East as Israel prepares
for a potential ground invasion of Gaza. US Secretary
of State Antony Blinken is set to visit Tel Aviv tomorrow. He
spoke to reporters in Cairo earlier today following meetings
with leaders in Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Secretary Blinken
says the US will continue to assist Israel's right to
defend itself from Hamas. Israel
has the right indeed it has the obligation to defend
itself against these attacks from Hamas and
to try to do what it can to make sure that this never happens again
. The way that Israel does this matters
. It needs to do it in a way that affirms
the shared values that we have for human life. And
human dignity. Taking every possible precaution
to avoid harming civilians and prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with his emergency unity government
for the first time today. It comes as Israel continues
to attack Gaza by air as it prepares for a potential
ground invasion. CBS News's Charlie D'Agata has more
from Tel Aviv. Israeli artillery and
airstrikes have been pounding Gaza for
the eighth straight day in one of the most intense and
sustained bombardments that territory has ever seen
. The UN says as many as
a million people have been displaced from their homes, some of them heeding
the call. The warning from Israeli forces
dropped in leaflets over Gaza to evacuate the north
to the south ahead of this expected Israeli
offensive. We've seen for ourselves Israeli ground troops
getting ready for that battle. And an indication today
from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who convened
his emergency expanded
cabinet for the first time, saying Hamas thought
it would destroy us. Instead, we
will destroy Hamas. Nancy. Charlie
D'Agata, thank you. And that does it for now. I'm Nancy Chen, CBS
Sunday morning is next
. Come on, baby. Now, you can't fool
Biscuit. Watch. Whoa. It's Sunday morning
on CBS. And here again is Jane
Pauley. You can watch today
where they earned the title World's
Greatest rock and roll Band a long time ago
. But the Rolling Stones are still at it, still
touring, still making new music legends
. Indeed. Talking with our Anthony Mason
. You don't expect
birth announcements from a 60 year old band
, The Rolling Stones. But last month
in London, the Rolling Stones revealed they'd made
a new record. Don't get Angry with me
, Hackney Diamonds is the Stones
first album of original music
in
18 years. Do you like working in this place? Yeah
. The old, old friend of ours, Electric
Lady at Electric Lady Studios in New
York, Jimmy, where the band worked on the new record. We
caught up with Keith Richards. Is it like getting on a bike when you
guys go in the studio? Pretty much. But you're
not sure if the tires are pumped up
? What is he doing here? I'm with you
over in London, Mick
Jagger and Ronnie Wood joined us. So how
did this come about? Well. Well
, well. My recollection
is that Mick said what we need to do is say, let's
make an album, let's blitz it. Basically, that was the impetus
. We just have to have a record ready to go out on tour. So there was
a deadline and then we more or less did what we said. We planned
to do. It's really unusual. Yeah, really unusual. And
I think I said to Keith, It's going to be finished by Valentine's Day and Keith
looked at me like, How quickly do you know in a recording studio
when you have something, you got to give it
a minute. You can't be dismissive if you
don't get it in the first one minute, but you kind of get to
know in ten minutes. I'd say, yeah, that quickly take long
to know if something's really there and whether it's worth chasing
. And it's a bit like a painting you construct. You do
the first layout and then you give it a breath. You
know, go away are a painter. Well, we don't have
but let him have his analogy come back and fill the jigsaw
. You know, I love that people aren't Van Gogh, man
. Van Gogh away. Please
don't get angry with me. The album's lead
single Angry, started with a lyric from
Jagger. I was just playing guitar
in the Caribbean on my own and just came up with the idea
and then took it to the next level with Keith and
Mick, and we kind of kick each other up the ass, you know
, and like that, don't like that. And whatever
it is, it's a sort of chemistry. But the band's
chemistry was rocked. Never nervous, never
stop and start me up. When drummer and founding
member Charlie Watts died
in 2021 and start me up
, did you feel the need to put an album out? I
think maybe because of Charlie's demise
that we felt that if
the Stones were going to continue, then we'd better
make a mark of what the Stones are now. Was it hard for you
on tour to look back and not see Charlie there? Yeah, it's
it's of course it's hard. I mean, it's all my life, ever since I
was 19 or whatever, it's always been Charlie on some level
, it had to be emotional not to have Charlie. Of course it's emotional, but you
have to get past that in life, you know, Love, Charlie, all the things. But I
still want to carry on making music everywhere
I hear the sound of marching. Charlie
in Playboy last year, the
Stones toured with new drummer Steve Jordan
, but Watts
plays on two tracks on the album, including
one with the Stones original bassist Bill Wyman
, who left the band
in 1993. Did Bill have
to be coaxed to come back? Bill Wyman No, not at all. I phoned him
and said, Are you still playing the bass? Even was a bit worried
. He said, What do you mean playing? Every day I'm making an album. I said, Great, Bill
, you come and do this track because Charlie is on it and like
it to be reunited. The original rhythm section would be a cool
idea. Time
is on my side. Yes, it is
. When those original Rolling Stones
first formed in London
in 1962, they never imagined it would last
. That I can't get no. Remember when
we had the first hit record? We kind of looked at each
other with like dismay, saying, Well, we got about
two years, boys, and then you've got to find a
job. Yeah. No
, it's only rock and roll, but I like it.
And nine and yes, I do like
it, but it's out all right.
Six decades later, dark glasses
, the gas, gas, gas. They're still one of the biggest touring
acts in the world,
grossing $179 million last year alone. Well
, camper boy to
said the same for all band. We just
are pioneers in a way that no one's done
. 60 years of rock and roll ever Ronnie
Wood at 76 the youngest stone
Do you paint every day? Well, when I can, yeah. When I'm not playing the guitar
has a side gig as a painter. I'm inspired
here, for instance, by Delacroix. That's what keeps me going. And then
I go, Wow, you know, we're going to play music next.
And it just one runs into the other. His
two artistic passions merge on tour
. There's Coachella when he makes these set lists after
every show. It's a kind of memoir. Oh, that
was when that happened. That's what we played. Do you know how many shows you've
done? No. No. What
? Have you ever considered writing a memoir? Oh, yeah, I've considered it. And
I've been offered a lot of money. And. And I've seen people
do it, and it takes, like, two years.
They're living two years in their past. And that doesn't appeal to you that
does not appeal to me. So someone else will just have to remember
it for me. Both Jagger and Richards have
landmark birthdays this year. Yeah. Yes
. Yes. The big eight zero. Richards
in December. How does that feel? I asked Mick
because he's six months older than me. Yes
. And he says it's not that different. Jagger became
an octogenarian back in July. Well, it's a
bit overblown, you know, it's not all it's cracked up to be. Being 80, I don't
think. There's no really options here. Yeah, you're either going to get there
or you're not. Well, you've gotten there in pretty good shape. Well, thank you. That's very kind
. Pleased to meet you. Hope
you get my nurse. He's singing the best he's ever sang
. Think now that's another reason we're going to keep going when
you got it, flaunt it. You know, nature of
my game. Why do you think you
guys have endured? I think we basically
we love each other and we love our music. And when you're doing
it, you don't really think about it. But I think with Charlie going
, I've realized more and more how special
that that is
. I've been there's something about the Stones and there's something
about us all that sort of said, No, we stick
together. Yeah. And then you can't
just drop it, you know, you got to. You got to follow
it right down to the end, down the tunnel, you know, as
you said, it's bigger than all of you. Yeah, it is
. Damn thing
. An original documentary from CBS reports
. I always tell people that Twitter would not be Twitter without
black Twitter. It's just us being in fellowship with each
other and it becomes a conversation. You don't want to be left out of people
really started to recognize the power of activism on
Twitter based on that one tweet the hashtag OscarsSoWhite
was trending around the world. If anything has really powered
black Twitter, it's been humor. If your food ain't right
. Oh, we going to tell you about that, too. So we tend to create
change, create culture and cool. That's how
movements happen on Black Twitter and go beyond more than
that. Black Twitter, the Twitter verse that changed a generation
now streaming on the free CBS News app
. It's a history making meeting for extraordinary
women who are all four star generals and admirals. How
did you deal with being discriminated against? I just worked harder
. The future of an ever evolving US military. When
we go person to person, our
commentary this morning takes us back to the Middle East
. It's from Yuval Noah Harari, author
of the bestselling book Sapiens
. Israel has just
experienced its 911 moment in Terror
. Communities have been slaughtered. My
aunt and uncle are members of one of these communities
, Kibbutz Be'eri. They hid in their house
as terrorists were butchering their neighbors
. I received word that they somehow survived
, and many of my friends have just received the worst
news of their lives. We know three things about this horrendous
attack. First, Hamas aimed to kill civilians
, us. Second, the victims were tortured
and executed in the most gruesome ways
the terrorists could imagine. Third, instead
of hiding the atrocities, Hamas made sure
they will be publicized. Why do
such a thing? Because Hamas is waging a war
on our souls like ISIS. Hamas
uses unspeakable atrocities to terrify millions and
to sow seeds of hatred and violence
. Hamas is thereby committing a crime against humanity
. It is not just killing humans. Hamas is trying
to destroy our trust in humanity and thereby
destroy our own humanity. A vicious
cycle of violence now threatens to consume the
entire region, ruining the lives
of millions of Palestinians as well as Israelis
. But the people of Israel are stronger than Hamas
thinks, with the help of true friends like
President Joe Biden, we will overcome
the terror and hatred Hamas spreads, rebuild
our country and our trust in humanity
, and stay loyal to Israel's founding
ideals, democracy at home and peace
abroad
. An original
documentary from CBS reports. I always tell people
that Twitter would not be Twitter without black Twitter
. It's just us being in fellowship with each other and it becomes
a conversation you don't want to be left out of. People really started
to recognize the power of activism on Twitter based
on that one tweet, the hashtag OscarsSoWhite was
trending around the world. If anything has really powered
black Twitter, it's been humor. If your food ain't right
. Oh, we going to tell you about that, too. So we tend to create
change, create culture and cool. That's how
movements happen on Black Twitter and go beyond more than
that. Black Twitter, the Twitter verse that changed a generation
now streaming on the free CBS News app
. It's a history making meeting for extraordinary
women who are all four star generals and admirals. How did
you deal with being discriminated against? I just worked harder
. The future of an ever evolving US military. When
we go person to person. John
Dickerson is in conversation with columnist and author David
Brooks, who's wondering what life might be like
if we all felt just a little more seen and
heard. Presentation of the story of David Brooks
is on a one man mission aimed at no less than changing
human behavior. So here we are on a street corner being watched
. This is a good chance for both of us to be emotionally vulnerable and
seen by everyone. Right? So what's
your hope for this book? David Yeah, I'm hoping that people
just learn to see each other, that there's
one skill at the center of any healthy family community
organization or country. It's the ability to see each other
and to make each other feel seen and heard and understood
. For the last several years, Brooks has been on to writing tracks
for his New York Times column, addresses politics and society
. His books have been an examination of character
, morality and personal architecture. His
latest book, How to Know a Person.
And he's the first to admit it's partly about how to know himself
. Would you cop to your book being a self-help
book? I'm not shy about that. It's I'm trying
to help myself, so. Right, Right. So it's selfish. I'm trying to help myself
, but hope it'll be helpful to others. And in my view, every book should
be a self-help book. You should be able to learn something that'll improve
who you are. Brooks is not just concerned with himself
, though. He writes, We're living in the middle of some sort of
vast emotional, relational and spiritual crisis
. It is as if people across society have lost the ability
to see and understand one another, thus producing
a culture that can be brutalizing and isolating
. If we don't see
others. What are the stakes? Well, I think there's nothing crueler than to
be indifferent to someone to make someone feel invisible
. And that's happening. The problem, the skill that I'm talking
about, we don't teach it in school and often we don't teach
it anywhere. The book's thesis is that while human relations
are hard, the skills can be taught. And if people can improve
their one on one interactions in listening, in conversation
, and in what Brooks calls the close at hand
, it might have a compounding effect on society
. You write about Diminishers and Illuminators. What's
the distinction there? Yeah, so my theory is that in any group of people there
are some people who are diminishers. They make you feel invisible, unseen
. They're not curious about you, they stereotype you. They label
you. And then there are other people who are illuminators and
they are people who are just curious about you and they make you feel lit
up to lift up those Illuminators Brooks started, We've
the Social Fabric Project for six years. The nonprofit
it has been supporting people who, as he says, are working
to weave together the social fabric in their communities
. We intend to restore souls here. People
like Renee Mitchell in Portland, Oregon, who started the soul
Restoration Center. I'm always, you know, working
with youth who don't see themselves reflected, you know. So I
have to give them something that says that I see you
, I honor you and your experiences. She basically
embodies everything I learned over four years of writing this book. She
builds strength in people who have been wounded by
injustices of society and
she's everything. I'm not the challenge. As Brooks acknowledges
, is that the forces of modern life, social media, partisanship
pull at our attention, rile us up, turn
the other into the enemy. Even he was not
immune to these forces. Recently, the now
famous $78 tweet, it's been seen
some millions of times. Yeah. Last month, while
eating at Newark Airport, Brooks posted
about his $78 launch of a burger and bourbon. This
is why Americans feel the economy is terrible, he wrote
. The response was not favorable. He was accused of being
misleading because the booze and not the food was pricey
, accused of being out of touch, entitled and worse
. The Post has been viewed more than
38 million times. Why does that reaction surprise you
? It's like every screw up I've
made on social media. Not too many, but like thought about that tweet
for like three seconds and I sent it out
and it started out as being a joke. It was like a picture of
a meal I was eating at an airport with a burger, fries and bourbon and
it was probably the least healthy meal I hope ate that week. And so it started
out as look and it was 78 bucks. The joke in my head was
, I can't even afford to make poor lifestyle choices
, but the way I wrote it was incredibly stupid. And so
it seemed like I was oblivious to something that's blindingly obvious
, which is that me, as a New York Times columnist
and a well-off, lucky, privileged journalist, as
if I'm not aware that that's very different than a family living
paycheck to paycheck. Brooks started as a times
columnist 20 years ago as the conservative on the op ed
page, he often infuriated liberals, but recently
, he says he's become more liberal out of sync
with much of the Trump era. The Republican Party used to be
the party. You weren't thrilled by them, but they were the business party
. They knew how to run things. And that seems like eons or
light years ago. You wrote recently after the Republican debate
that it demonstrated the disease of narcissistic
hucksterism. I think that's what Donald Trump has brought into our
life. What's narcissistic hucksterism? It's what Vivek Ramaswamy
was doing in that debate. It's like you don't have to tell the
truth. You just have to tell the entertaining thing
that makes you a showman. How many human beings can take a mug
shot and turn it into a positive thing for them? And Brooks thinks there's
not a small chance that Donald Trump could end up back in
the White House. And so I think
there's a 40% chance that Donald Trump wins re-election
. I wouldn't say the majority, but I take it extremely seriously
. So does David Brooks have the prescription to save us from
ourselves, or is he a lonely voice crying
in the wilderness? One of the unifying ideas
in politics, whether you're on the left or the right, is that these
are dire times and the wolf is at the door and
so in those times, do you worry that what
you're prescribing in this book, which is to see the other is
naive because people are saying, well, fine, but
the wolf's at the door and I'm not going to say, boy, isn't that some
nice fur you have? Yeah, well, I don't think the wolf's at the door
. I found it's very hard, but everybody does mean left and right
, you know? But not me. Yeah, I find it's very
hard to hate people up close. All you have to do is show a little hint of humanity
and say, Oh, and then suddenly all
the wolf at the door stuff diminishes. It's not naive
to lead with trust. It's not naive to lead with respect
, but it's practical. And so
guess reject the idea that I'm being like a babe in the woods in
a world of wolves. I've got the the tools that are
the most aggressively effective
at countering the wolf
. An original documentary
from CBS reports. I always tell people that Twitter
would not be Twitter without black Twitter. It's just us being
in fellowship with each other and it becomes a conversation. You don't
want to be left out of. People really started to recognize the
power of activism on Twitter based on
that one tweet, the hashtag OscarsSoWhite was trending
around the world. If anything has really powered black
Twitter, it's been humor. If your food ain't right
. Oh, we going to tell you about that, too. So we tend to create change
, change, create culture and cool. That's how movements
happen on Black Twitter and go beyond more than that
. Black Twitter, the Twitter verse that changed a generation
now streaming on the free CBS News app
. It's a history making meeting for extraordinary
women who are all four star generals and admirals. How
did you deal with being discriminated against? I just worked harder
. The future of an ever evolving US military. When
we go person to person
story is just
begun. Why did you want to share your story? Water off this high
. Where are these coming from? That's the million dollar question. I'm a very curious
person. I wake up every morning asking what's happening in the world? Why
is this happening and how do we answer that question? On the CBS Evening
News, an original documentary from CBS
reports Imagine yourself in Manhattan with no police
, no army, no mayor. The people of Haiti stare down
poverty, corruption, natural disasters and violence
. 90% of the guns that are used
by gangs in Haiti are American gun. But with an unbreakable
spirit and eternal optimism. There are days where
I cry, but we can't be discouraged. We
still believe in Haiti. They're still able to look ahead with
hope. Haiti is on the brink of transformation
, a radical shift. Patients are coming together and saying
things must change. Fighting for Haiti now
streaming on the free CBS News app
. We aim every night to be factual
and fair. That's our goal. An original
documentary from CBS reports Controversial Congressman
Jorge Santos. Why won't you answer our questions? How did he manage
to get elected? Thank you very much and God bless you and God bless
the USA. Good. Santos campaign was a campaign
of deceit, lies, fabrication, and who is
he really? I knew him as Anthony Duvalier from
Queens. Really? Who he is. He's a fraud. I compare him to the Tinder
swindler from people who know him. The truth, the facts
, the lies. He would say that he was
worth $100 million. It's an incredibly cynical episode in
American politics beyond satire. Had you ever seen anything
like this? No. Hope, Never see it again. Campaign of deceit
now streaming on the free CBS News app since
childhood, she never stopped reaching for the skies. Now
she's spent more time in space than any other American
. Like being a part of something bigger than me. Peggy Whitson's extraordinary
career as a history making astronaut. When we go person
to person, feel the forecast on the CBS evening
News with Norah O'Donnell, I think asked direct
questions. I don't know that they're tough questions per se. Why aren't
you holding yourself to that standard? It doesn't look like Congress is doing anything. What
has to happen? That's the role of Face the Nation to focus
on the issues at hand. And that means a civil conversation
with perspective
. You
you're about to see American weapons in
the hands of Mexican cartels. A gun pipeline
to Mexico. We are arming the cartels 100%, no doubt
about it, happening right under our noses. Who's
doing something about this? Nobody. A
reports exclusive. Most Americans have no idea that we
are effectively arming the enemy next door. This is the story
the American people need to know. Arming cartels now streaming
on the free CBS News app
. We leave you this Sunday morning. Taking in the colors
of early autumn at the Great Smoky Mountains National
Park in North Carolina
. I'm Jane Pauley
. Face the Nation is just ahead. And please
join us when our trumpet sounds again next
Sunday morning
. The grief of losing a child
is immense. You can't breathe. After decades of the war on
drugs, things have only gotten worse. Every shipment of fentanyl
is a ticking time bomb 50 times more powerful
than heroin, CBS reports goes deep into Mexico. What
is your role in the Sinaloa cartel? To find out why the cartels
keep getting stronger and wealthier. This is a war, but we're
not fighting it. Our citizens are dying. Funding cartels
Now Streaming on the free CBS News app
, America Decides
Taking You Inside American Democracy. The most important
stories on a day to day, hour to hour basis. You're going to hear a lot of
reporting. It is clearly a pivotal moment
. Gun control, the economy, education, both sides
of the political aisle fight it out for power. Bringing you the analysis
that you need thoughtfully with context, be part of the conversation
on CBS News streaming Welcome to America decides
is Monday through Thursday at
5 p.m. eastern. This is CBS
. This is an original
documentary from CBS reports. He started out as a
fun loving party boy, but the alcohol got the better of
him. What I envisioned was him being in some sort of medical
facility. I just thought what a great candidate
for them to learn about the results of alcoholism
and what it does to a body. But his body